Create 2021 Week 3 announcement.md (#576)
giantswarm/releases: announcements/2021-Week-03/announcement.md

# :zap: This Week in Provider-Independent Announcements (January 22, 2021):zap:

Please note that we are aligning some key terms in our product communication with the Kubernetes project's terminology:

- The term *management cluster* replaces the term *control plane*. The Kubernetes project uses the term control plane when dealing with the master nodes (as they were called formerly) of a cluster, so we are removing an ambiguity that confused people.
- The API formerly called *Control Plane Kubernetes API* is now called *Management API*.
- What we called *tenant cluster* is now called a *workload cluster*.

For a comprehensive and always-updated view of all new features and changes for apps, tenant clusters, UI, and documentation, please check out [Changes and Releases](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/). Below are the highlights.

## Managed Apps

[Prometheus Operator v0.5.0](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/prometheus-operator-app/v0.5.0/) upgrades to the chart with Prometheus v2.22.1.

## Web UI

## kubectl gs

> - Added support for getting nodepools and removed mention of the unexistent ‘create cluster’ command.

Reviewer: @whites11 is this for Azure only or AWS also?

Reviewer 2: Both Azure and AWS

Reviewer: Thanks!

# :zap: This Week in Provider-Independent Announcements (January 22, 2021):zap:

Please note that we are aligning some key terms in our product communication with the Kubernetes project's terminology:

- The term *management cluster* replaces the term *control plane*. The Kubernetes project uses the term control plane when dealing with the master nodes (as they were called formerly) of a cluster, so we are removing an ambiguity that confused people.
- The API formerly called *Control Plane Kubernetes API* is now called *Management API*.
- What we called *tenant cluster* is now called a *workload cluster*.

For a comprehensive and always-updated view of all new features and changes for apps, tenant clusters, UI, and documentation, please check out [Changes and Releases](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/). Below are the highlights.

## Managed Apps

[Prometheus Operator v0.5.2](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/prometheus-operator-app/v0.5.2/) introduces a new AlertmanagerConfig CRD and upgrades to Prometheus v2.22.1.

> [EFK Stack v0.4.1](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/efk-stack-app/v0.4.1/) fixes an issue in v0.4.1, which upgrades to Elasticsearch and Kibana v7.9.1.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[EFK Stack v0.4.1](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/managed-apps/efk-stack-app/v0.4.1/) came quickly after v0.4.0 to fix a small oversight. With v0.4.x Elasticsearch and Kibana are running in version v7.10.0.
```

# :zap: This Week in Provider-Independent Announcements (January 22, 2021):zap:

Please note that we are aligning some key terms in our product communication with the Kubernetes project's terminology:

- The term *management cluster* replaces the term *control plane*. The Kubernetes project uses the term control plane when dealing with the master nodes (as they were called formerly) of a cluster, so we are removing an ambiguity that confused people.
- The API formerly called *Control Plane Kubernetes API* is now called *Management API*.
- What we called *tenant cluster* is now called a *workload cluster*.

For a comprehensive and always-updated view of all new features and changes for apps, tenant clusters, UI, and documentation, please check out [Changes and Releases](https://docs.giantswarm.io/changes/). Below are the highlights.

## Managed Apps

> [Loki v0.1.0-alpha](https://github.com/giantswarm/loki-app/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#010-alpha---2021-01-21), our preferred app for log management is now available. For more info, see [blog post](https://www.giantswarm.io/blog/how-the-cloud-native-stack-helps-writing-minimal-microservices/).

Author: ```suggestion
[Loki v0.1.0-alpha](https://github.com/giantswarm/loki-app/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#010-alpha---2021-01-21), our preferred app for log management is now available. Promtail, the logging client, is coming soon. Interested in Loki? We'd like to hear from you.
```
